hello youtubers what we have here is a
thirty Herot case that is made from a
30-30 case cut off run through a sizing
die and then fire formed and this is a
300 AAC blackout that is a 223 or five
point five six cut down run through a
sizing die this is my little Harbor
Freight cutoff wheel cut-off saw I
probably had this thing six or eight
years and never did anything with it now
that I have this blackout I need to get
busy what I did to modify it was I took
a carriage bolt quarter-twenty carriage
bolt put it in my lathe turned it down
so the this front edge here is flat and
then I just cut this off to make it a
little smaller diameter I found a piece
of half-inch square steel and I drilled
two holes for a 1024 screws to screw it
to this base here and I drilled it and
tapped it for the quarter-twenty running
this way and then this little screws at
440 so that when I get this adjusted
where I want it I can set the set screw
against it and lock it in place I have
it set right now to cut this off right
at that shoulder that's where you need
to cut them for the blackout then you
have to trim them with a case trimmer
and onto the sizing die so that's how I
modified my little cutoff wheel cut-off
saw
hope it gives you some ideas on how you
can handle yours this is the three here
at brass so I can back that up and lock
it in place for when I need to cut off
more of those fully adjustable the only
trick is gonna be making sure your brass
is in there square and I may make a
little wedge to put in underneath it so
you just set that down on the brass shut
the brass down in on top of a little
wedge and then that'll have its squared
up we'll see if it's necessary thanks
for watching